Sit on the floor for a while, then get a player to help you up. 
Put a bandage on your body and get a player to comment on it (without being prompted). 
Get a player to argue with you about which way north is. 
Point and get a player to look somewhere three time sin one day. 
Get a player to make you a hot drink, then show them this card. (You must ask them, they can’t offer). 
Start talking in rhymes. If another player starts doing the same, show them this card. 
Get a player to say “I love you.”
Convince a player that something is voice-activated (when it isn’t) and get them to try it out. 
Get a player to repeat themselves three times. 
Get a player to fix something for you. 
Say you feel itchy and start scratching your body in front of another player. Get them to scratch themselves. 
Make up a word and get a player to ask what it means. 
Start to sing, hum, or whistle a song in front of a player. If that player sings, hums, or whistles it later on, you’ve got them. 
Get a player to take a selfie with you - using their phone. 
Draw on a player’s skin without being caught. 
Get a player to tell you about an allergy they suffer from. 
Get a player to moonwalk. 
Borrow the same thing from a player three times. 
Start a round of applause. At least one other player has to join in. (Sarcastic slow claps are fine, too). 
Get a player to say “sugar”. 
Perform a magic trick. Get a player to ask how you did it. 
Get a player to do a dance. 
Change clothes during the say and get a player to comment on it (without being prompted). 
Tell a player that you can’t find your phone and get them to call it. 
Get a player to throw food for you to catch in your mouth. If you catch it, show them this card. 
Send a player a text saying “Tahw sseug?” If they text back, reply with, “You got got!”
Drop something and get a player to pick it up for you. 
Pretend to be on the phone and get another player to write down a number for you. 
Pretend to take a photo of a player and get them to say "Cheese." 
Walk around with your fly undone and get a player to comment on it (without being prompted). 
Get a movie quote wrong and get another player to correct you. 
Challenge a player to any kind of race and lose spectacularly. 
Make up a saying and use it in a. Conversation. Get a player to ask what it means.
Write “YOU GOT GOT” on a piece of paper, scrunch it up , and throw it at a player. If they read the message, you’ve got them. 
Get a player’s birthday wrong and get them to correct you. 
Count to three in a foreign language. If another player keeps counting after you’re finished, you’ve got them. 
Get a player to say “Game over.” 
Pretend that you can hear a non-existent noise and get a player to agree they can hear it, too. 
Get a player to fist-bump you twice in one day. 
Ask a player to message you later to remind you to do something. If they message you, reply with a picture of this card. 
Wave hello to a player, but in a weird way. If they do the same wave back, you’ve got them. 
Get a player to say “You’re not ugly.” 
Pick an object and tell a player that it smells really weird. Get them to smell it. 
Got a player to tie a knot for you. 
Get a player to high five you twic ein one day. 
Get a player to swear at you using a hand signal. 
Get a player to lie down on the floor with you. 
Get a player to say "you're wrong" 
Get a player to make an animal noise. 
Get a player to flip a coin. (They must get heads).
